One of the biggest
innovations in hardware, and
also contributing to this convergence
of technologies that we talk about
in the Internet of Things, was actually
the development of transistor.
In 1956 John Bardeen,
Walter Houser Brattain and
William Shockley,
they were given a Nobel Prize in Physics
for the invention of the transistor.
Since then integrated circuit
design evolved significantly and
the computational power
kept growing exponentially.
This is a 1960s/70s computer,
PDP-11, from
Digital Equipment Corporation,
DEC, that still uses tapes
to store all the software.
And the growth in semiconductor design and
transistors and
microprocessors significantly
contributed to the consumer electronics.
You were able to reduce the size, reduce
the cost, increase the functionality.
So you have cheaper, faster and better.
Of course in our work,
this is a single board computer which has
all the processing that actually
implements the audio codec,
the video codec that we just talked about.
And the communication protocols that were
based on Shannon's information theory.
And you would get to play with
it during the future courses.